Erica: Hi, I'm Erica. I have been working
at Crutchfield for almost two years now. I'm
slowly getting into car electronics. You really
can't help it if you work here. You kind of
have to. So I've been thinking about putting
a new car stereo in, but it's a little intimidating
for me. I don't know a whole lot about it,
but everyone here has made me very excited
about the great sound that you can get and
all the cool things you can through your car.
So, I've decided I'm going to put one in and
today Deb is going to help me do that.
Deb: Okay, the first thing I do is get the
Crutchfield MasterSheet. Page one. I check
and make sure I've got all the tools that
I'm going to need. So for your radio removal,
you're going to need a socket and ratchet,
and you're going to need a trim panel tool.
So I got two, just to make sure we have the
right ones. And then we go to page one and
just follow the instructions step by step.
Okay the first step is to set your parking
break, which we've done. And then you want
to disconnect your negative battery cable.
So pop the lid off of your battery.
Erica: Okay.
Deb: Now you want to set it on something that's
not metal so it doesn't ground out.
Erica: Okay.
Deb: Then we want to get in the car. So you
see your nice diagrams. Figure 1 and 2, right
here. What you want to do is get your trim
tool...
Erica: Okay.
Deb: ...And just start prying out all around
down here. And you see the...there's two screws
here and two screws on the other side. And
you're just going to pull those out. Okay,
screws are out!
Erica: Yea!
Deb: Alright, we're going to disconnect the
power outlet to give us a little bit more
room to pull out the radio, so it just is
a simple unplug.
Erica: Okay.
Deb: And just lay that down like this and
just slide out your radio. Much easier, don't
you think?
Erica: Yes, much easier.
Deb: Okay, then you want to disconnect. Here,
I'll hold that while you pull. Unplug everything.
Right there. Alright and you want to unplug
your antenna.
Erica: Here's the old stereo, it's now out.
And we're ready to put in the new one.
Deb: This is the parking break wire. So this
is going to enable you to actually watch the
DVDs while the car is in park, the parking
break will have to be engaged. This black
wire that's hanging out here is for your GPS
antenna for your navigation. We previously
installed the antenna on the roof and ran
the wire the length of the car all the way
back. So it's under the upholstery, under
the carpeting. It looks much nicer that way.
These your going to plug in, plus you got
your antenna for your regular AM/FM and you've
got your factory plug. So what we're going
to do is plug all that stuff in.
So this is the new radio, and this is a factory
sample, so we had to attach a wiring harness.
Normally they're going to come with the Ford
plug already done, but we used a Crutchfield
plug and connected it together. So are you
ready to start plugging stuff in?
Erica: I am, let's start.
Deb: So we don't have to go through this.
We can just plug it in the back. Like so.
Erica: Ah, got it.
Deb: Because what we're going to do is set
the radio in this way and then pop the dash
piece over it. The black one's going to go
in right here. Alright, now your antenna should
slide in here. Okay, now following our instructions
it says, connect everything. Plug the antenna
into the rear of the receiver. We're going
cram all of our wires back here.
Okay, so we reconnect the battery and tested
it to make sure that it works. That way if
anything's not connected properly it's pretty
easy to fix. So it does work and now we just
pop the dash back in. We've got it mounted
and ready to pop the dash piece back on.
Erica: Alright.
Deb: You've plugged in your power outlet,
so that does work. Then just pop in on in.
Just use pressure.
Erica: Ta-da!
Deb: Ta-da! And you've done your first stereo
installation. Yea!
Erica: How exciting.
Deb: Final step: Reattach your battery.
Erica: Just going to tighten it up. Okay.
You just tap it very lightly and I can change
the channels on the radio.